okay cave crickets everywhere these
crickets are the favorite food of some
horrible cave hunters
this gave law is absolutely alive with
tarantulas I've never seen so many in my
entire life
it's an arachnophobia nightmare was he
God
I don't know you into a little hole
marry guys out into the open
hi there he is
okay just backing up always just struck
the stick
means it's bets it with its fangs and
he's just up oh and again that
was quite aggressive strike if I'd been
my hand that would really really have
hurt whoa
well that one got away but doesn't
matter though there are loads of them
around here what Jamie yeah
got a quick
it might look like I'm being a right
Jesse but it wouldn't be ideal to get
bitten right the appearing at cave huh
it's just not having any luck today
there he goes
got him
or by accident than design it has to be
said this is actually one of the
smallest of the tarantulas that we've
seen scurrying around here but I
couldn't leave without getting a closer
look at him I mean I think I must have
seen dirty in this one tiny area it's
hardly surprising when you see how many
crickets are around but what I really
want to show you is how they hunt in the
dark the legs and the back of the body
are all covered with thousands of fine
hairs and those hairs are really
sensitive they can pick up everything
from chemical sense in the air to the
movement of the air to vibrations and on
the ground they're a great way for this
spider to find out what's going on
around it and also what it needs to hunt
okay let me just show you how those
hairs work any second now
well that normally works it's just
obviously not working today normally
he'd run off but I think he likes me
okay I wasn't intending to run down the
back of mine
[Laughter]